(DOCSP-46410) Address tech review comments for Disaster Recovery docs (#104)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/disaster-recovery.txt

Members of the Same Replica Sets Should Not Share Resources
```````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

MongoDB provides high availability by having multiple copies of data in replica sets.
Members of the same replica set don't share the same resources. For example, members
of the same replica set don't share the same physical hosts and disks.
|service| satisfies this requirement by default: it deploys nodes in
different availability zones, on different physical hosts and disks.

Ensure that replica sets don't share resources by :ref:`distributing data across data centers <arch-center-distribute-data>`.

Use an Odd Number of Replica Set Members
````````````````````````````````````````

To elect a :manual:`primary </core/replica-set-members>`, you need a majority of :manual:`voting </core/replica-set-elections>` replica set members available. We recommend that you create replica sets with an
odd number of voting replica set members. There is no benefit in having
an even number of voting replica set members. |service| satisfies this

> requirement by default, as |service| requires having 3,5, or 7 nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
requirement by default, as |service| requires having 3, 5, or 7 nodes.
```

.. _arch-center-distribute-data:

Distribute Data Across At Least Three Data Centers in Different Availability Zones
````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````

To guarantee that a replica set can elect a primary if a data center
becomes unavailable, you must distribute nodes across at least three
data centers, but we recommend that you use five data centers.

If you choose a region for your data centers that supports
availability zones, you can distribute nodes in data centers in different
availability zones. This way you can have multiple separate physical data
centers, each in its own availability zone and in the same region.

This section aims to illustrate the need for a deployment with five data centers.

> To begin, we will consider deployments with two and three data centers first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, consider deployments with two and three data centers.
```

operations. For this reason, we recommend that you deploy five data centers,
to achieve a 2+2+1 topology required for the majority write concern.
See the following section on :ref:`majority write concern <arch-center-majority-write-concern>` in this topic for detailed explanations of this
requirement.

You can distribute data across at least three data centers within the same region by choosing a region with at least three availability zones. Each
availability zone contains one or more discrete data centers, each with redundant power, networking and connectivity, often housed in separate
facilities.

{+service+} uses availability zones for all cloud providers
automatically when you deploy a dedicated cluster to a region that supports availability zones. |service| splits the cluster's nodes across
availability zones. For example, for a three-node replica set {+cluster+} deployed to a three-availability-zone region, {+service+} deploys one node
in each zone. A local failure in the data center hosting one node doesn't
impact the operation of data centers hosting the other nodes because MongoDB

> performs automatic failover and leader election. Applications will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performs automatic failover and leader election. Applications
```

```````````````````````````````````````````````````

When a client connects to a sharded {+cluster+}, we recommend that you include multiple :manual:`mongos </reference/program/mongos/>`
processes, separated by commas, in the connection URI. To learn more,
see :manual:`MongoDB Connection String Examples </reference/connection-string-examples/#self-hosted-replica-set-with-members-on-different-machines>`.

> This allows operations to route to different ``mongos`` instances for load

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setup allows operations to route to different ``mongos`` instances for load
```

Plan Your MongoDB Version Changes
`````````````````````````````````

We recommend that you run the latest MongoDB version as it allows you to
take advantage of new features and provides improved security guarantees
compared with previous versions.

Ensure that you perform MongoDB major version upgrades far before your
current version reaches `end of life <https://www.mongodb.com/legal/support-policy/lifecycles>`__. 

You can't downgrade your MongoDB version using the {+atlas-ui+}. Because of this,
we recommend that you work directly with MongoDB Professional or Technical Services

> when planning and executing a major version upgrade. This will help you avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when planning and executing a major version upgrade to help avoid
```

.. procedure::
   :style: normal
   
   .. step:: Determine when the cloud provider outage began. 
      

>       You will need this information later in this procedure to restore your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      You need this information later in this procedure to restore your deployment.
```

      Your new {+cluster+} must have an identical topology of the original cluster.

      Alternatively, instead of creating a full new cluster, you can also add new
      nodes hosted by an alternative cloud provider to the existing cluster.

   .. step:: Restore the most recent snapshot from the previous step into the new {+cluster+}

      To learn how to restore your snapshot, see :atlas:`Restore Your Cluster </backup/cloud-backup/restore-overview/>`.

   .. step:: Switch any applications that connect to the old {+cluster+} to the newly-created {+cluster+}

      To find the new connection string, see :atlas:`Connect via Drivers </driver-connection>`.

>       Review your application stack as you will likely need to redeploy it onto the new cloud provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Review your application stack as you likely need to redeploy it onto the new cloud provider.
```

.. _arch-center-atlas-outage:

{+service+} Outage
``````````````````

In the highly unlikely event that the {+service+} Control Plane and
the {+atlas-ui+} are unavailable, your {+cluster+} is still available and accessible.

> To lear more, see `Platform Reliability <https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/trust#reliability>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, see `Platform Reliability <https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/trust#reliability>`__.
```

Production data might be accidentally deleted due to human error or a bug
in the application built on top of the database.

> If the cluster itself was accidentally deleted, Atlas may have retained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the cluster itself was accidentally deleted, Atlas might retain
```
